C# Questions
------------------------

1.	what is a class?
A.	a class is blueprint for creating objects.
	>It defines fields, methods, properties

2.	what is an object?
A.	An object is an instance of class
	>used to access the properties of class	

3.	what is Call by value?
A.	Copy of variable's value is passed to the method
	>Changes made inside the method doesn't affect the original variable

4.	What is Call by Reference?
A.	when we pass the variable by reference then method receives the same memory reference,
	any changes made inside the method affects the original value.

5.	what is Out Parameter?
A.	Allows a method to return multiple values by passing variables by reference

6.	What is Out with Discard?
A.	Used to skip particular Operations.   "_"  

7.	What is Params Keyword?
A.	Allows a method to accept a variable number of arguments of a specified type.
	>used when you don't know in advance how many arguments are passed.

8.	What is Inheritance?
A.	One class can use the properties and methods of another class.
	It’s like a child class getting features from a parent class.

9.	What is single Inheritance?
A.	One class inherits the properties and methods from one base class.
	There is only one parent and one child relationship.

10.	What is multi level Inheritance?
A.	A class inherits from another derived class
	which mean Each level inherits from the previous one.

11.	What is multiple Inheritance?
A.	A class inherits from more than one parent class.
	(causes Ambiguity issue) ------>to solve that issue we use interface by using Colon ":"

12.	What is a constructor?
A.	A constructor is a special method with the same name as the class.
	It is automatically called when an object is created.

13.	What is default Constructor?
A.	A default constructor is a constructor without any parameters.   ///  public Student()
	It is used to initialize objects with default values when no specific data is provided.

14.	What is Parameterized Constructor?
A.	A parameterized constructor is a constructor that takes arguments (parameters) to initialize an object with specific values.
	///  public Student(string name, int age)

15.	What are Access modifiers?
A.	How a class, method, or variable can be accessed from other parts of the program.
	-->1.public 
	-->2.private
	-->3.protected

16.	Public modifier?
A.	It can be accessed from any other part of the program, without any restrictions.
	///  public int age;

17.	private modifier?
A.	It can only be accessed within the same class, It is not accessible from outside the class.
	///   private string name;

18.	protected modifier?
A.	It can be accessed within its own class and by any class that inherits from it which is derived class.
	///   protected int id;

19.	What is Indexing?
A.	Means accessing elements using an index number, implemented using an indexer in a class.---->"[]"